Add doc for colJustify (#27)
vtex-apps/flex-layout: docs/README.md

| `border`                   | `String \| String[]`              | An array to define in which sides of the row a border should be applied to (`top`, `right`, `bottom`, `left` or `all`). | `undefined`   |
| `colGap`                   | `0...10`                          | A `number` or `string` magnitude for the `pr` Tachyons token to be applied to columns inside of the `flex-layout.row`.  | `undefined`   |
| `colSizing`                | `equal`&#124;`auto`               | Controls the width of the columns inside the `flex-layout.row`.                                                         | `equal`       |

> | `colJustify`                | `between`&#124;`around`       | Controls the automatic space between columns and borders of the `flex-layout.row`.                                                        | `between`       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `colJustify`  | `enum` | Controls the space between columns and borders of the `flex-layout.row`, according to the `justify-content` CSS property. Possible values are `between` (adding no space between borders and columns) and `around` (adding the space). | `between` |
```

> | `fullWidth`                | `Boolean`                         | Whether or not the component should occupy all the available width from its parent.                                     | `false`       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `fullWidth`  |  `boolean` | Whether the component should occupy all the available width from its parent (`true`) or not (`false`).   | `false`  |
```

| `preventVerticalStretch`   | `Boolean`             | Prevents the row from stretching vertically to fill its parent height with `items-stretch` token.             | `false`       |
| `horizontalAlign`          | `left`&#124;`right`&#124;`center` | Controls horizontal alignment for the items inside the `flex-layout.row`.                                              | `left`        |
| `colSizing`                | `equal`&#124;`auto`       | Controls the width of the columns inside the `flex-layout.row`.                                                        | `equal`       |

> | `colJustify`                | `between`&#124;`around`       | Controls the automatic space between columns and borders of the `flex-layout.row`.                                                        | `between`       |

Reviewer: Since there are 2 specified values for the prop, shouldn't its type be `enum`? That's what the team taught me hahahah

> | `colJustify`                | `between`&#124;`around`       | Controls the automatic space between columns and borders of the `flex-layout.row`.                                                        | `between`       |

Reviewer: Since there are 2 specified values for the prop, shouldn't its type be enum? That's what the team taught me hahahah

Author: @guerreirobeatriz Can you show me an example? I wrote that based on the `colSizing` prop 😆

Reviewer: @kaisermann Yep! Now that I'm verifying the whole prop table, those types are a mess ):
